hello everyone its Ellie diecast nf I
put this video together the way I
planned you already saw our question
which was the question on everybody's
minds these days and that is how many
hot wheels had opening doors and yes
it's a question society needs answered
so I will do my best to answer it the
answer as far as I know is there were
three models the 4x4 here I'll show you
the bottom the 4x4 blazer if we can get
him in there you go 4x4 blazer the 300zx
and the Ford Sierra X are 41 you can see
it on the bottom and these are not all
the variations of these cars I have a
few others here I'll roll in I've got a
lot of the 4x4 four by fours not too
many of the others and I just stumbled
across the last of these three which was
the the 300zx at the last show I was at
so not a lot of opening doors on the Hot
Wheel cars very very rare on matchbox
and Yap ming's it's pretty common to
have opening doors and I don't exactly
know why they didn't have a lot of
opening doors whether it was a safety
thing or whether it was an international
thing or whether it's just the way a
cost goes with these they put their cost
into other things but these are the only
three castings that had opening doors
now a little bit about each casting the
the 4x4 is I run into quite a bit
there's a lot of variations of these
a whole lot if I remember right and the
ex is not so many there are some others
besides these two I'm totally guessing
but I'm gonna say there's less than ten
casting or ten variations on this
casting and this guy which if I remember
this car correctly was not a
particularly well-liked car when it came
out I think this came out during Fords
not good car years but that particular
model that may be the only version that
was ever put out also another
interesting thing the the Ford Sierra
the xr4ti Sierra this is one of the
Corgi castings that have ironically been
showing up a lot in my videos lately for
some reason we just kind of keep hitting
right around those late ninety models
when when Mattel bought the company that
owned Corgi cars and for a short period
of time
Mattel owned Corgi and very quickly kind
of assimilated the Corgi castings and
lines that were out into Hot Wheels so
for instance the auto hauler series was
a Corgi series when Mattel bought
essentially bought Cordy the company
that owned Corgi they changed the auto
hauler series over to Hot Wheels so it's
a little confusing and I'm trying to put
together enough of these Corgi cars to
do a video on them but I'm still trying
to figure out exactly which cars they
are if there's any experts out there in
that area PM me get a hold of me cuz
I've got a bunch of questions for you
but yes this one is a originally a Corgi
casting that became a Hot Wheels casting
and it's very possible that there are
some of these Ford Sierra's out there
that have a Corgi base and that this
particular model goes back a little bit
further on the Corgi line but I really
don't know too much about the Corgi cars
you'll also notice that the Hot Wheel
doors when they open open very close to
the car and are pretty smooth where the
Corgi car doors really swing out it's
gonna be hard to get out in the parking
lot with those doors I don't think
that's how the Ford Sierra doors work
that's just how the mechanics of the
Corgi car works and they do not close
quite as easily so yeah pretty neat the
opening doors I just took for granted I
just figured there was a bunch of now
opening hoods and moveable parts and all
sorts of other stuff that's a whole
different story a lot of cars have those
but opening doors for Hot Wheels not so
common so if you're into the articulated
parts wheels may not be your thing that
may be more of a match box thing for you
or a yamming or Corgi or something but
yeah only those three cars interesting
so thanks for watching if you know of
any other cars if I'm wrong post below
I'm just going on information I grabbed
from some of the guys at the last show
and put this together but if there
happens to be other cars out there with
opening doors that are Hot Wheels let me
know talk to you later
you